Today I realized actually having everything is breaking me up
mentally.  The phone, the friends, the work and most importantly
the stuff I enjoy are making my life miserable.

I need to find a way to escape and the only path forward (without
causing me to die out of boredom) seems to be learning constantly.
My brain is capable of handling all of this bullshit information.
So then why do I have to be content with the less than ideal quality
of information I keep consuming all day.

I should be staying away from games, music, films. Unless they have
artistic mastery in display or it is for social purposes I will
stop consuming mindlessly.

Now this will upset many of my friends whom watch anime in solidarity
to talk en mass at get-togethers. But I am perfectly fine learning
Spanish or French and teaching my friends too. This is my hell now
that I have chosen it.

I'll view software as this toy to tinker with. After getting my
first job it seemed like software would stay as this thing I do for
work and there wasn't much enjoying in it. From now on I'll build
whatever I want however I want it.

So for now, plan9port as the base system, I'll be working with HTML
and PDF files mostly. Learning will be this charitable habit I will
occupy myself with. Maybe I'll pick up the piano sometime who knows.
The possiblities are, admittedly, abysmally small. I don't have
much room to grow anymore now that I am 23.

Do not let time be your master. Slaving away to control it is
basically admitting defeat without really acknowledging you do so
you keep trying to make it obey but in the end time wins. You can't
make something that inherently isn't yours to love and respect you.
It'll keep going, and that's fine.

---

I should get something like Anki working on my laptop now.  Also
some documents for French would be nice. Learning shouldn't be that
hard. Maybe a calendar to kinda decide what I'll do that week?
Stuff I enjoy is most certainly now shitten content on the internet.
Strange.. I can't remember the name of that search engine for the
small web. I wonder if I should get my own small web page up.  Maybe
using elm would be too much? Am I patient enough to write literally
pure HTML by hand for each post? Is posting text files good enough
if I can just get the font right? Can I use Berkeley Mono for my
personal website? I paid for it tho. I guess not.
